MongooseIM 3.6.0 (#2606)
esl/MongooseIM: CHANGELOG.md

# [MongooseIM 3.6.0](https://github.com/esl/MongooseIM/releases/tag/3.6.0) - 2020-01-29

## Highlights

- Push notifications improvements
    - Possibility to configure push notifications without real PubSub
    - Immediate push notifications to disconnected device in resume state
- Gathering of system metrics
- Support for two major OTP versions only 21 and 22
- Performance improvements

There were some changes to the database schema so please take a look at [Migration guide](doc/migrations/3.5.0_3.6.0.md) when upgrading from previous version.

## All changes

### Added

- System metrics gathering (#2523, #2532, #2550, #2571, #2578, #2580, #2586, #2591, #2594, #2598, #2601, #2603, #2607, #2610, #2612)
- MAM disco#info to MUC and MUCLight rooms #(2272)

> - Chat markers support to room's REST API (#2274)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chat markers support for the room's REST API (#2274)
```

- Possibility to close malicious connections without revealing service details (#2304)
- Ping response time metrics (#2527)
- Emoji support in VCard's nickname field (#2539)
- Swagger documentation hosted by MongooseIM (#2543, #2556)
- Persistent fields from accumulator to offline storage (#2587)

>     - This requires new column in RDBMS, see migration guide

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it also be `the` migration guide?
